Welcome to America. The land of the free for dreams become reality. What would you like to have? sarrr One green card, please. Of course. 194. years And that's the standard. Sarr can I get something that's a little bit faster? Okay. This. You have to win in the lottery. My friends,   lottery ok sarr My luck is , very good that I won ten lotteries back in my home. So I will get it 100% surely amazing. So if you win, you can start walking from tomorrow. but dont fall sick y saar, What's the problem in that ? Let me show you. Come look at this fellow right here. He's been in coma for three years. And this is his hospital bill Sarr how is this much, man? What can I say? He lost his job because he fell sick. And then no job, no insurance, no insurance, no H-1B visa. So to top it all off, he's now living here illegally. Entrepreneurship and Gambling. These were the words of my dad. Back when I started my first business. But you see, my dad is from the army, and growing up, all he wanted for me and my sister . was a safe and secure career and safety for him. Like the majority of Indian parents, was become an engineer and then go to America for post grad every single person around me, including my dad's friends, my friends, all of them did engineering, went to America for their masters, got fat packages when I was still stuck here figuring things out. In hindsight, that's the best decision I ever made. But back then, if you're not to America, you were missing out. But at any rate, after the last two years of carnage, to more than two lakh people getting fired, out of which 40% were Indians. People are finally waking up. Among the people who got fired, one of them was my dad's friend, son. And I remember when the news of his firing reached back home. MY uncle, who's actually a heart patient and had taken a loan to send him to America, was literally losing his mind because his son didn't have a job and within 60 days he could be kicked out of America. How the hell were they going to pay up the student loan? Thankfully, he got another job, but seeing the stress he and his family had to go through was absolutely heartbreaking. This is the reality of most Indians working in America. You know, you will be living there for decades. But regardless, you're always at risk of seeing your lives and careers getting disrupted because that is how shitty The system is for immigrants in America.